updated flip realsense (#27)
robotology/yarp-device-realsense2: README.md

|:----------------------------:|:-----------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------:|:-------------:|:---------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|  `stereoMode`                |     -             | bool           | Read / write |         |   false       |  No(see notes)  | Flag for using the realsense as stereo camera                                         |  This option is to use it with yarp::dev::ServerGrabber as network wrapper. The stereo images provided are raw images(yarp::sig::PixelMono) and note that not all the realsense devices have the stereo streams. |
|  `verbose`                   |     -             | bool           | Read / write |         |   false       |  No             | Flag for enabling debug prints                                                        |                                                                       |

> |  `rotateImage180`            |                   | bool           | Read / write | -       |   -           |  No             | Flag for enabling rotating the image 180 degrees                                      |  Parameter introduced mainly for r1, since in the latest updates the camera is mounted upside down |

Reviewer: "Latest"  w.r.t. to when? Consider that this documentation will remain here for a long time, so it is better to avoid so-called "Recentism" (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Recentism), alternative proposal:
```suggestion
|  `rotateImage180`            |                   | bool           | Read / write | -       |   -           |  No             | Flag for enabling rotating the image 180 degrees                                      |  Parameter useful when a camera is mounted upside down |
```
